CARIBBEAN STUD POKER

HOW TO PLAY CARIBBEAN STUD POKER
Caribbean Stud Poker is played on a twenty-one table and is based on the five card stud poker game.  This is the first casino table game to offer a progressive payout.  This game is like blackjack in that you are trying to beat the house, and not the other players.

HOW TO PLACE A BET
To place a bet, click on the chip icon(s) representing the amount you want to bet.  As you click on chips, the number to the right of the instruction line will increase, showing you the amount you currently hold in your 'hand'.  To place the wager on the table, click on the 'Done' button.  To remove chips from your hand, click on the 'Clear' button.  If you also wish to take part in the progressive jackpot, click on the 'Progressive' button to place a $1 bet.

PLAY OF THE GAME
After all players have placed their bets, the dealer will pass out five cards to each player and to himself.  If you feel that your hand will beat the dealer's hand, you can choose to stay in the game by placing a bet equal to your original wager on your hand.  The dealer then reveals his hand.  If the Dealer's hand does not exceed an Ace-high, the Dealer will fold, and all players who have remained in the game will have their original ante bets returned.  If the dealer stays in the game, and the player's hand beats the dealer, then the player will be paid even money on the Ante Bet, and a bonus amount on the additional wager.

BONUS PAYOUT SCHEDULE
1 pair           1 to 1
2 pairs          2 to 1
3 of a kind      3 to 1
Straight         4 to 1
Flush            5 to 1
Full House       7 to 1
4 of a kind     20 to 1
Straight Flush  50 to 1
Royal Flush    100 to 1

PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT BET
Regardless of the Dealer's hand, if a player has a hand that qualifies for the jackpot, he will win the amount appropriate to his hand.

PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT PAYOFFS
Royal Flush     100%
Straight Flush   10%
4 of a kind     $100
Full House       $75
Flush            $50


